readme_extra/NagatoBox_15.06_This_World_Has_Been_Waiting_For_Us.md, before:

# NagatoBox 15.06 "This World Has Been Waiting For Us"

+ until june 30
+ Port To Gambas3 3.7.1
+ upload to gambas.org if possible
+ more reliable iconing (Application theme) system is needed.

## nagato-archiver

+ ~~now can archive/extract tar.bz2 (application/x-bzip-compressed-tar)~~

## nagato-asx-player

+ ~~rename~~
+ ~~finish coding.~~

## nagato-ambient

+ ~~reduce package size.~~
    + ~~use small sound files instead of anoises'~~

## nagato-code-view

+ ~~new: reload menu~~

## nagato-dictionary

+ ~~open connection to DB explicitly (for 3.7)~~

## nagato-extractor

+ ~~now can archive/extract tar.bz2 (application/x-bzip-compressed-tar)~~

## nagato-files

+ ~~sound preview~~
    + ~~interface redesign~~
+ ~~graphical dialog with preview icons for "change background menu"~~
+ calendar tile for desktop ?
+ ~~new : thumbnail for pdf~~
+ new interface for media conversion

## nagato-lookup

+ ~~fix: store recent apps data when it force closed.~~
+ ~~use sdl2.sound instead of sdl.sound~~

## nagato-map

+ update google map api version.

## nagato-player-x

+ ~~fix: read music duration~~
+ ~~create music data table~~
+ improve library database
    + ~~startup initialization~~
    + ~~addition~~
    + ~~edit~~
    + ~~playing fetch~~
    + ~~duration fetch~~
        + automatic reload
+ ~~bulk tagging~~

## nagato-session

+ ~~port to sdl2.sound~~

## nagato-web

+ ~~"New Directory" ContextMenu for LeftPane~~
+ ~~add dailymotion search~~

## nagato-writer

+ ~~patch for jekyllnow~~
+ ~~parse metadata collectly~~
+ parse relative path more collectly
+ ~~redesign menubar~~

Commit message:

ride on the dead coaster.

readme_extra/NagatoBox_15.06_This_World_Has_Been_Waiting_For_Us.md, after:

# NagatoBox 15.06 "This World Has Been Waiting For Us"

+ until june 30
+ Port To Gambas3 3.7.1
+ upload to gambas.org if possible
+ more reliable iconing (Application theme) system is needed.

### ride on the dead coaster

+ integrate panel functionality to nagato-files -d and **drop nagato-navigator**
    + fortune (popup starmenu only)
    + arrange systray icons more correctly
    + sort tasks by id
    + new settings class for panel
    + starmenu for panel
    + dialog for clock format
    + context menu for pager
    + context menu for tasks

+ integrate theming functionalities to nagato-session
    + dbus channel

## nagato-archiver

+ ~~now can archive/extract tar.bz2 (application/x-bzip-compressed-tar)~~

## nagato-asx-player

+ ~~rename~~
+ ~~finish coding.~~

## nagato-ambient

+ ~~reduce package size.~~
    + ~~use small sound files instead of anoises'~~

## nagato-code-view

+ ~~new: reload menu~~

## nagato-dictionary

+ ~~open connection to DB explicitly (for 3.7)~~

## nagato-extractor

+ ~~now can archive/extract tar.bz2 (application/x-bzip-compressed-tar)~~

## nagato-files

+ ~~sound preview~~
    + ~~interface redesign~~
+ ~~graphical dialog with preview icons for "change background menu"~~
+ calendar tile for desktop ?
+ ~~new : thumbnail for pdf~~
+ new interface for media conversion
+ ~~new : file path completion~~

## nagato-lookup

+ ~~fix: store recent apps data when it force closed.~~
+ ~~use sdl2.sound instead of sdl.sound~~

## nagato-map

+ update google map api version.

## nagato-player-x

+ ~~fix: read music duration~~
+ ~~create music data table~~
+ improve library database
    + ~~startup initialization~~
    + ~~addition~~
    + ~~edit~~
    + ~~playing fetch~~
    + ~~duration fetch~~
        + automatic reload
+ ~~bulk tagging~~

## nagato-session

+ ~~port to sdl2.sound~~
+ new : DBus channel for GTK+/Qt theme 

## nagato-web

+ ~~"New Directory" ContextMenu for LeftPane~~
+ ~~add dailymotion search~~
+ ~~new : persona theme selection~~

## nagato-writer

+ ~~patch for jekyllnow~~
+ ~~parse metadata collectly~~
+ parse relative path more collectly
+ ~~redesign menubar~~
